[NARRATOR]
Last Dragon Ball Z Kai--
Goku found himself locked
in a desperate struggle...
[FRIEZA] Never mind
half my power right now.
Believe it or not, I'm barely
even using a third of it!
Don't forget, Goku still has the
Kaio-ken technique
going for him out there.
[KING KAI] I'm afraid
Goku already used
the times ten Kaio-ken.
[NARRATOR] And if that
weren't harrowing enough.
Look out! Piccolo!
♪ Opening Song ♪
That's somebody... for me!
Huh?
Lets change, now!
[PICCOLO] Wha--?!
Piccolo!
I... I can't move!
Ribbit!
[GOHAN] Heads up!
[FROG yell]
[PICCOLO grunt]
[shaky breath]
[growl]
Whew... That was close, huh?
Yeah. If I only
knew what happened?
[chuckle]
My hands... My perfect feet...
Am I dreaming this?
Ow, uh. No, that hurt...
I'm back!
Inner and outer beauty
[BULMA] are in perfect
harmony once again!
[BULMA laughing]
We're all overjoyed
for you. But look...
You've gotta find
somewhere to hide!
This is absolutely the
last place that you want--
[explosion]
[GOKU] Argh! Arrrggghhh!
Ahhh!
[laughing]
Aghhh!
[FRIEZA power yell]
[gasp]
Ahhh!
[ALL struggling]
[BULMA] Seriously?!
Ah! Bulma!
Save me!
[FROG croak]
Come now. Feel free to
make this a little more
entertaining for me if you like.
[heavy breathing]
[chuckle]
Yaaa!
Ahhh!
[gasping]
♪
[gasp] Wow...
That's some technique!
[FRIEZA] Not to be a bore...
But if I happen to so choose,
this planet's
destruction would be
a matter of mere seconds.
Quite fitting that it
should share that fate
with Planet Vegeta, though.
[chuckle]
Damn it! He's
got me in a pinch.
Agh! I can't win.
There's no way
I'm seeing this...
No. He-- He couldn't
have... There's no way!
He just carved a
trench through Namek!
Is Goku just flying by the
seat of his pants...?!
All of a sudden this looks
like a pretty one-sided fight.
[PICCOLO] Of course it does!
Why? Because Frieza's
stronger than any of us
could've prepared for!
There's nothing else we
can do at this point;
he's just too powerful!
[YAMCHA] Wha--
W-What do ya mean?!
No...! He can't just give up!
This isn't good...
This isn't good at all.
Goku's already more or less at
full power and this Frieza guy
is wiping the floor with him
with only half his strength?
[KING KAI] Oh...
it's worse than that.
Frieza insists he's
using less than half...
What...?! Oh, no!
See? I knew nothing
good would come of this...
Oh, I knew it! That's why
I told him not to fight...
[KING KAI blubbering]
He's no match for Frieza!
[KING KAI crying]
♪
There's good news
and there's bad...
Good in that I
intend on seeing to it
you last a bit longer.
The flip side? You'll spend
what time you have left
in excruciating pain.
I-- I've got to
raise my Kaio-ken
up to times twenty somehow.
It's the only chance
I've got left...
No clue how my body's going
to be able to handle it, though.
He-- He's at less than half...
Now, whether that's true or not
I don't dare risk
underestimating
whatever he's got left.
My options have been
pared down to nothing.
This is no time to be bemoaning
your fate... After all...
Fate is not the culprit here.
[FRIEZA] That honor goes to your
stubborn sense of self-worth.
[groan]
Oh, now don't be such a bore.
At least try
to defend yourself.
That is the whole point here.
♪
[struggling]
Don't tucker out yet.
We're just getting started.
I'm afraid it isn't your
nap time just yet, my boy.
♪
[inahle]
[GOKU] My lungs are bursting!
[chuckling]
[laughing]
How's adapting to the
life aquatic as it were?
[chuckling]
♪
[GOKU] Krillin...
No... Krillin!
♪
[female scream]
[GOKU] Chichi!
[CHICHI] Goku!
[GOHAN] Dad!
[GOKU] Gohan!
[GOKU] Gohan! Gohan!
[FRIEZA laughing]
[FRIEZA laughing intesifies]
[gasp]
Wha--? Ah...
[GOKU power yell]
Get him, Dad!
You can do it, Goku!
[GOKU] For Gohan,
Chichi, everyone on Earth,
and the future of Namek...
I am not about to give up!
[yell]
Less than fifty percent
power or not...
if I pull off a
Kaio-ken times twenty...
I at least stand a chance!
I've just got to give it my all
and show this guy you do not
mess with me and my friends!
[GOKU yell]
Kaio... ken!
Ka... Me... Ha... Me... Ha!
[power yell]
[GOKU yelling]
[yelling]
[ALL struggling]
[GOKU heavy breathing]
[snarling]
That-- That's impossible!
[GOKU] Look at that! It's
as if I didn't hit him at all!
So, it's true. He hasn't
been bluffing about it.
He-- He really
is only using about
fifty percent of
his maximum power!
No...! There's no way...!
He-- He put everything
he had into that...!
The force was incredible!
[gasp] Uh huh...
[KRILLIN] So explain to me...
How is it Frieza's
just floating there
with hardly
a scratch on him?!
[GOHAN] Dad's energy is
starting to drop like a rock!
[KRILLIN] It can't be right
that someone so powerful exists!
[PICCOLO] Goku's finished.
[GOHAN AND KRILLIN] Huh?
Guess King Kai
was right after all...
Maybe we should
listen to him when
he told us to avoid a
monster like this.
[heavy breathing]
That was too close
for comfort...!
[FRIEZA] How does a creature
so low on the food chain
have such unbelievable
reserves of strength?
[FRIEZA] No one's ever pushed my
body to this extremity before!
Filthy Saiyan!
Impressive...
I felt that.
[growl] A little too much!
[gasp] Dad, no!
Imbecile!
Hmmm.
♪
[inhale and coughing]
What happened to all the energy
you had a moment ago?
[cough]
Aarrrggghhh!
Little worm. Is that tiny
reservoir of strength
all dried up now?
[FRIEZA] If so, I
really see no point in
dragging this out further.
[GOKU] Okay, maybe that
wasn't such a great idea.
I really lost a lot more power
than I was counting on.
Matter of fact that
Kaio-ken times twenty
seriously wiped me out.
What modest powers the
Saiyan race does--
or rather, did possess--
was utterly wasted on them.
My wholesale slaughter
of the lot was a mercy
in the grand scheme of
things, wouldn't you agree?
[GOKU] I... I'm done for...
[VEGETA] Kakarot!
How dare you give up?
You're a Saiyan warrior!
Take some pride
in your heritage!
I... I am not a Saiyan like you.
[VEGETA] Please! Stop
trying to convince yourself!
You personify our race!
Just stop. None of that
matters now anyway...
Even together we-- [gasp]
Vegeta! Where--
The blood in your veins...
That perfect instinct
for battle... There's no
denying what you are.
Reach down deep...
Feel the pain of
those of us who fell...
Your brethren were
all decimated...
Your homeworld lost...
[VEGETA] Does it not enrage
you to stand before the man
responsible for
driving us to extinction?
My father... Your
father... Both gone...
Dead... Killed by
him... Lord Frieza.
You are the last
of our kind, Kakarot...
[YOUNG VEGETA] Everything we
were survives now only in you...
[VEGETA] And he
won't rest until every
trace of that has vanished...
Because he's
haunted day and night
by a single overriding fear:
[GREAT APE] That the
legendary Super Saiyan
will rise up from the
ashes and obliterate him!
I dreamt... I yearned to
be the one to avenge us...
Yet he battered and broke
me just as he did the others.
[VEGETA] You cannot know
the torment I died...
[VEGETA] Unless you're
the one to finish this...
We'll be lost... lost forever
to the memory of time.
[gasp]
Really... I can't
fathom what must be
going on in
that skull of yours.
And that... makes me
quite... annoyed.
[FRIEZA] No
quiet exit for you.
Oh, no... No.
It'll be quite loud.
Vegeta... Home for me has
always meant "Earth,"
so I don't know if I
fit the Saiyan mold.
But... I do understand
where you're coming from.
Stop talking nonsense
and make this fun.
I have to win...
I owe it to too many
people not to lose.
Don't toy with me!
Ahhh!
♪ Closing Song ♪
[GOKU] Hey! It's me, Goku!
Looks like the only card
I've got left to play now
is my ace-in-the-hole!
[FRIEZA] What's with that
stance? What are trying to pull?
[GOKU] Come on, Planet Namek!
Come on universe!
Any energy you've got to spare
would be really appreciated!
[GOKU] Next time,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai:
[GOHAN] Will that
still be enough to put
Frieza in his place?!